Scheme	Sub Scheme	FAQs
Assurance Package	"Assurance Package (AP) Cash, AP Seniors' Bonus, and AP MediSave"	"How and when will I know if I am eligible for the Assurance Package (AP) Cash, AP Seniors' Bonus, and/or AP MediSave?
You may log in to the e-services to view your eligibility for AP Cash, AP Seniors’ Bonus, and AP MediSave.

Can I withdraw my Assurance Package (AP) MediSave?
The AP MediSave that is credited to your CPF MediSave Account will form part of your CPF monies and will be subjected to CPF withdrawal rules.
MediSave can be used to pay for your own or your immediate family members’ hospitalisation expenses, incurred at any of the participating medical institutions under the MediSave Scheme.
MediSave can also be used to pay for day surgeries and approved outpatient treatments listed on the CPF website.

How will I know if the Assurance Package (AP) Cash, AP Seniors' Bonus, and/or AP MediSave has been credited to my bank/CPF account?
You will receive an SMS (with no web links) sent to your Singpass-registered mobile number or a letter sent to your NRIC address after payment has been made.
To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account on the Singpass website.
For AP MediSave, individuals aged 16 and below who do not have their own Singpass account will be notified via letters sent to their parent’s/guardian’s residential address.

How can I check if the Assurance Package (AP) MediSave has been credited to my child’s CPF account?
You can view your child's CPF statement online to check if the Assurance Package (AP) MediSave has been credited. You may refer to this FAQ for more information.

Do I qualify for Assurance Package (AP) Cash and/or AP Seniors' Bonus if my Assessable Income (AI) is unavailable, but I meet all other criteria?
You may check if your AI is available by visiting iras.gov.sg [log in to myTax Portal using your Singpass > Notices/Letters > Individual, select Year of Assessment]. If your AI is unavailable because you have not filed your tax returns, you may wish to first contact IRAS at 1800 356 8300 to file your income tax returns and thereafter log in to the e-services with your Singpass to reach out to us.

One of the eligibility criteria for the 2025 Assurance Package (AP) Seniors' Bonus is that the Income Earned in 2022 (Assessable Income (AI) for the Year of Assessment (YA) 2023) must not exceed $34,000. Why is AI used instead of other income measures?
The eligibility for the support schemes is based on an individual’s AI for the Year of Assessment (YA) 2023, i.e. income earned in 2022.
AI is used as the income criterion to assess an individual’s means, and it includes all forms of income from trade, business, profession or vocation, employment, as well as rental income that are taxable. The choice of YA takes into account the completed tax assessment data available to ensure consistency and fairness across the population.

Why is Annual Value (AV) used instead of flat type?
AV is currently used as a proxy for wealth and family support. It is a reasonable and best available proxy to assess the financial resources available to the individual, including from immediate family members who reside with the individual.

Why is Annual Value (AV) used for Assurance Package (AP) Seniors' Bonus but not for AP Cash?
Our social support schemes are generally means-tested to ensure support is targeted to help Singaporeans with greater needs. For AP Seniors' Bonus, the approach of using both AV and AI is to enable us to better target the support to those who are in need of greater help.
For AP Cash, the benefits are meant for all adult Singaporeans to cushion the impact of the GST increase. Lower-income Singaporeans and those who do not own more than one property will receive higher cash benefits.

Do I qualify for the Assurance Package (AP) Seniors' Bonus if the Annual Value (AV) of my residence is unavailable, but I meet all other criteria?
AV of the preceding year is used to determine eligibility for AP Seniors’ Bonus in the current year.
If you have not received AP Seniors’ Bonus as your place of residence is a new property where AV is not yet available at the point of determining the allotment for the AP Seniors’ Bonus, you may log in to the e-services with your Singpass to update us when the AV of your residence is available.

Will the 2025 increase in Annual Value (AV) impact my eligibility for the 2025 Assurance Package (AP) Seniors’ Bonus?
Your eligibility for social support schemes in 2025 will not be affected by your 2025 AV. 2024 AV will be used to determine your scheme eligibility in 2025.

How much will I receive if I stay in a rented property?
The amount of Assurance Package (AP) Seniors' Bonus you receive depends on the Annual Value (AV) of your place of residence as stated on your NRIC as at 31 July of the preceding year, regardless of whether you own or rent the property.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for Assurance Package (AP) benefits?
Those who own more than one property will be eligible for AP Cash but not the AP Seniors' Bonus. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I own more than one property, but I earn a very low income and am in financial difficulty. Can I get my Assurance Package (AP) Seniors’ Bonus?
We may consider your request on a case-by-case basis.
You may log in to the e-services with your Singpass to inform us of your circumstances and appeal for the AP Seniors’ Bonus with the supporting documents.
If you require further assistance, you may approach any Social Service Office (SSO) within your vicinity who may be able to advise you on the available assistance based on your situation and provide you with the necessary assistance. You may wish to visit the SSO website to locate the nearest SSO to you.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for Assurance Package (AP) Cash, AP Seniors' Bonus, and/or AP MediSave?
The AP benefits are meant to cushion the impact of the GST rate increase for Singaporeans residing in Singapore. Therefore, you are not eligible for these benefits if you are residing overseas.

If the beneficiary passes away before the payment of the Assurance Package (AP) Cash and/or AP Seniors' Bonus is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The AP Cash and/or AP Seniors' Bonus is only paid out to Singapore citizens who are alive."
Assurance Package	Assurance Package (AP) U-Save and Cost-of Living (COL) U-Save	"How will I know if I qualify for the Assurance Package (AP) U-Save and Cost-of-Living (COL) U-Save?
No sign-up is required. The AP U-Save and COL U-Save will be credited automatically to the SP utilities account of your household, together with the regular GSTV – U-Save. The rebates will be reflected as “U-Save” in your hardcopy or electronic utilities bill. No further action is required on your part.

Can unused U-Save be encashed?
No. U-Save is meant to offset a household’s utilities expenses and cannot be encashed for other purposes. U-Save does not expire and any unused U-Save will be rolled over to help offset your household’s utilities bills for subsequent months.

Can I use my Assurance Package (AP) U-Save and Cost-of-Living (COL) U-Save to pay for electricity charges under my Open Electric Market (OEM) retailer?
U-Save can be used to offset electricity charges under your OEM retailer. The rebates will first be used to offset SP Group bill for non-electricity charges including water, gas and refuse collection. Any remaining U-Save will then be used to offset your electricity bills by your OEM retailer.

How can I find out more information on U-Save?
For further enquiries, you may fill in this feedback form or contact SP Services Limited at 6671 7117 (Mon-Fri: 830am-530pm)."


Assurance Package	B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment	"How will I know if the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment has been credited to my bank account?
You will receive a message in the inbox of your Singpass app after payment has been made in September 2024 for the B2024 COL Special Payment. Please turn on your notifications for the Singpass app so that you will not miss any alerts and messages.
As the Singpass app is the default mode of notification, you are strongly encouraged to download the Singpass app to receive Government related information via this secured channel. Please ensure that your app is downloaded from the official app stores (e.g. App store, Play Store or Huawei AppGallery) and check that the app is developed by “Government Technology Agency”.
If you do not have the Singpass app, an SMS (with no web links) will be sent to your Singpass-registered mobile number.
To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.

Do I qualify for the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment if my Assessable Income (AI) is unavailable, but I meet all other criteria?
You may check if your AI is available by visiting iras.gov.sg [log in to myTax Portal using your Singpass > Notices/Letters > Individual, select Year of Assessment].
If your AI is unavailable because you have not filed your tax returns, you may wish to first contact IRAS at 1800 356 8300 to file your income tax returns and thereafter log in to the e-services with your Singpass to reach out to us.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment?
Those who own more than one property will not be eligible for the B2024 COL Special Payment. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I own more than one property, but I earn a very low income and am in financial difficulty. Can I get the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment?
We may consider your request on a case-by-case basis.
You may log in to the e-services with your Singpass to inform us of your circumstances and appeal for the B2024 COL Special Payment with the supporting documents.
If you require further assistance, you may approach any Social Service Office (SSO) within your vicinity who may be able to advise you on the available assistance based on your situation and provide you with the necessary assistance. You may wish to visit the SSO website to locate the nearest SSO to you.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible to receive the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment?
The B2024 COL Special Payment is meant to provide relief to Singaporeans residing in Singapore with their cost of living. Therefore, you are not eligible for these benefits if you are residing overseas.

If the beneficiary passes away before the payment of the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Special Payment is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The B2024 COL Special Payment is only paid out to Singapore citizens who are alive."


Assurance Package	B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Service and Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate	"How will I know if my household qualifies for the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate?
Eligible Singaporean households living in HDB flats will receive the S&CC rebates to offset between 2 to 4 months of S&CC from April 2024 to January 2025 (depending on HDB flat type), if all the following criteria are met:
a. There must be at least one Singapore citizen flat owner or occupier in the flat;
b. The flat owner(s) and essential occupier(s) of the flat do not own or have any interest in a private property; and
c. The flat owner(s) have not rented out the whole flat.
HDB Residents can check or enquire on their household's eligibility for S&CC Rebate by logging into My HDBPage via HDB InfoWEB with their Singpass and following these steps: My Flat > Purchased Flat/Rental Flat > View Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate > Write to Us.

How much does each HDB household receive in dollar terms?
The amount of Service and Conservancy Charges (S&CC) rebates households receive will vary, depending on the flat type and the S&CC charged by Town Councils.
Eligible Singaporean households living in HDB flats will receive the following months of rebates from April 2024 to January 2025 based on their flat type:
1- and 2- room flats: 4 months;
3- and 4- room flats: 3 months;
5-room flats: 2.5 months; and
Executive/Multi-generation flats: 2 months.
The rebates include the additional one-off 0.5-month in January 2025, as announced at Budget 2024. Town Councils have the full discretion to determine the S&CC rates applicable for every flat, which may vary by flat type, design, and location. As different Town Councils charge different S&CC rates, the amount of S&CC rebate received by households will differ for the same flat type.

Is there any action required on my part if I have already arranged to pay my Service and Conservancy Charges (S&CC) through GIRO?
If you are paying for your S&CC through GIRO, no action is required on your part as the Town Council will arrange with your bank on the amount of S&CC that your household will have to pay to the Town Council, after offsetting against the amount of S&CC Rebate you are eligible for.
If you are not paying for your S&CC through GIRO, you may wish to contact your respective Town Council regarding S&CC payment matters.

Who can I contact for more information on the B2024 Cost-of-Living (COL) Service and Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate?
For S&CC Rebate eligibility matters, residents can send in their enquiry by logging into My HDBPage via HDB InfoWEB with their Singpass and following these steps: My Flat > Purchased Flat/Rental Flat > View Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate > Write to Us.
For enquiries on your household’s S&CC payment or account status, residents can contact their respective Town Council. The Town Councils’ contact information can be found on the respective Town Councils’ websites."


Assurance Package	Community Development Council (CDC) Vouchers	"How do I/my household apply for the CDC Vouchers?
The CDC Vouchers can be claimed digitally at go.gov.sg/cdcv. Only one member representing the household is required to claim digitally via Singpass.
All Singaporean households would have received a notification letter on how to claim their vouchers.

What will I/my household need to claim the CDC Vouchers?
You will require a valid Singpass account and smartphone to log in and claim your vouchers. Singpass is needed to verify your identity and prevent fraudulent claims on behalf of your household.
Please refer to the step-by-step infographics or the notification letter for instructions on how to claim your household’s CDC Vouchers.

Where can I spend my CDC Vouchers at?
The CDC Vouchers can be spent at participating heartland merchants and hawkers, as well as participating supermarkets. You can visit go.gov.sg/cdcvouchers to find out where to spend your vouchers.
You can identify participating heartland merchants and hawkers with the teal-coloured “CDC Voucher” decal, while you can identify participating supermarkets with the yellow-coloured “CDC Supermarket Voucher” decal.

I do not have a mobile phone or digital device. What should I do?
Please seek help from your family members for assistance to claim the CDC Vouchers. If you are unable to seek help, you can approach the nearest Community Centres/Clubs (CC) for assistance to print the vouchers. Please bring along your notification letter, your Identification Card (IC) and ensure that you have a valid Singpass account.
To find out the location of your nearest CC, please key in your postal code in the district locator.
For more information on the CDC Vouchers scheme, you may visit vouchers.cdc.gov.sg/residents/info."


GST Voucher	GSTV – Cash and MediSave	"How and when will I know if I am eligible for GST Voucher (GSTV) – Cash and/GSTV – MediSave?
You may log in to the e-services to view your eligibility for GSTV – Cash and MediSave.

Can I withdraw my GSTV – MediSave?
The GSTV – MediSave that is credited to your CPF MediSave Account will form part of your CPF monies and will be subjected to CPF withdrawal rules.
MediSave can be used to pay for your own or your immediate family members’ hospitalisation expenses, incurred at any of the participating medical institutions under the MediSave Scheme.
MediSave can also be used to pay for day surgeries and approved outpatient treatments listed on the CPF website.

How will I know if the GSTV – Cash and/or GSTV – MediSave has been credited to my bank/CPF account?
You will receive an SMS (with no web links) sent to your Singpass-registered mobile number or a letter sent to your NRIC address after payment has been made.
To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.

Do I qualify for the GSTV – Cash and/or GSTV – MediSave if my Assessable Income (AI) is unavailable, but I meet all other criteria?
You may check if your AI is available by visiting iras.gov.sg [log in to myTax Portal using your Singpass] > Individual Income Tax > View Account Details > View Details > View Notices > Notice of Assessment (Individual) to view your Notice of Assessment.
If your AI is unavailable because you have not filed your tax returns, you may wish to first contact IRAS at 1800 356 8300 to file your income tax returns and thereafter log in to the e-services with your Singpass to reach out to us.

One of the eligibility criteria for the 2025 GSTV – Cash is that the Income Earned in 2023 (Assessable Income (AI) for the Year of Assessment (YA) 2024) must not exceed $39,000. Why is the AI for YA2024 (instead of YA2025) used?
For Singaporeans to receive their 2025 GSTV – Cash from August 2025, we assess the eligibility based on Income Earned in 2023 (AI for YA2024) because this is the latest tax assessment available.

Why is Annual Value (AV) used instead of flat type?
AV is currently used as a proxy for wealth and family support. It is a reasonable and best available proxy for the financial resources available to the individual, including from immediate family members who reside with the individual.

Why are both Assessable Income (AI) and Annual Value (AV) used to determine the amount of GSTV – Cash one receives?
Our social support schemes are means-tested to ensure support is targeted to those with greater needs, and the use of both AI and AV allows us to achieve this objective.

Will my 2025 Annual Value (AV) of my place of residence affect my eligibility for the GSTV – Cash and/or GSTV – MediSave?
Your eligibility for social support schemes in 2025 will not be affected by your 2025 AV. 2024 AV will be used to determine your scheme eligibility in 2025.
If the AV of your place of residence is not available at the point of determining your eligibility for the GSTV in 2025, you may wish to log in to the e-services with your Singpass to update us when the AV of your residence is available.

How much will I receive if I live in a rented property?
The amount of GSTV that you receive depends on the Annual Value of your place of residence as stated on your NRIC as at 31 December of the preceding year, regardless of whether you own or rent the property.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for GSTV benefits?
Those who own more than one property will not be eligible for the GSTV scheme. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I own more than one property, but I earn a very low income and am in financial difficulty. Can I get my GSTV?
We may consider your request on a case-by-case basis.
You may log in to the e-services with your Singpass to inform us of your circumstances and appeal for the GSTV with the supporting documents.
If you require further assistance, you may approach any Social Service Office (SSO) within your vicinity who may be able to advise you on the available assistance based on your situation and provide you with the necessary assistance. You may wish to visit the SSO website to locate the nearest SSO to you.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for the GSTV?
The GSTV is meant to offset the GST expenses incurred by Singaporeans residing in Singapore. Therefore, you are not eligible for these benefits if you are residing overseas.

If the beneficiary passes away before the payment of the GSTV – Cash and/or GSTV – MediSave is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The GSTV – Cash and/or GSTV – MediSave is only paid to Singapore citizens who are alive."


GST Voucher	GSTV – U-Save	"How will I know if I qualify for the GSTV – U-Save?
No sign-up is required. The GSTV – U–Save will be credited automatically to your household’s utilities account managed by SP Services Limited. No further action is required on your part.

Can unused U-Save be encashed?
No. The GSTV – U-Save is meant to offset a household’s utilities expenses and cannot be encashed for other purposes. U-Save does not expire and any unused U-Save will be rolled over to help offset your household’s utilities bills for subsequent months.

Can I use my GSTV – U-Save to pay for electricity charges under my Open Electric Market (OEM) retailer?
The GSTV – U-Save can be used to offset electricity charges under your OEM retailer. The rebates will first be used to offset SP Group bill for non-electricity charges including water, gas and refuse collection. Any remaining U-Save will then be used to offset your electricity bills by your OEM retailer.

How can I find out more information on the GSTV – U-Save?
For further enquiries, you may fill in this feedback form or contact SP Services Limited at 6671 7117 (Mon-Fri: 8.30am-5.30pm)."


GST Voucher	GSTV – S&CC Rebate	"How will I know if my household qualifies for the GSTV – Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate?
Eligible Singaporean households living in HDB flats will receive the S&CC rebates to offset between 1.5 to 3.5 months of S&CC from April 2025 to January 2026 (depending on HDB flat type), if all the following criteria are met:
a. There must be at least one Singapore citizen flat owner or occupier in the flat;
b. The flat owner(s) and essential occupier(s) of the flat do not own or have any interest in a private property; and
c. The flat owner(s) have not rented out the whole flat
HDB Residents can check or enquire on their household's eligibility for S&CC Rebate by logging into My HDBPage via HDB InfoWEB with their Singpass and following these steps: My Flat > Purchased Flat/Rental Flat > View Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate > Write to Us.

Is there any action required on my part if I have already arranged to pay my S&CC through GIRO?
If you are paying for your S&CC through GIRO, no action is required on your part. The Town Council will arrange with your bank on the amount of S&CC that your household will have to pay, after offsetting against the amount of S&CC Rebate you are eligible for.
If you are not paying for your S&CC through GIRO, you may wish to contact your Town Council regarding S&CC payment matters.

Who can I contact for more information on the GSTV – S&CC Rebate?
For GSTV – S&CC Rebate eligibility matters, residents can send in their enquiry by logging into My HDBPage via HDB InfoWEB with their Singpass and following these steps: My Flat > Purchased Flat/Rental Flat > View Service & Conservancy Charges (S&CC) Rebate > Write to Us.
For enquiries on your household’s S&CC payment or account status, you may contact your Town Council. The Town Councils’ contact information can be found on the respective Town Councils’ websites."


Majulah Package	MediSave Bonus	"How will I know if I am eligible for the MediSave Bonus?
For the MediSave Bonus, you may log in to the e-services to view your eligibility.

Can I withdraw my MediSave Bonus?
The MediSave Bonus credited to your CPF MediSave Account will form part of your CPF monies and will be subjected to CPF withdrawal rules.
MediSave can be used to pay for your own or your immediate family members’ hospitalisation expenses, incurred at any of the participating medical institutions under the MediSave Scheme.
MediSave can also be used to pay for day surgeries and approved outpatient treatments listed on the CPF website.

Why is the MediSave Bonus paid to CPF accounts and not in cash?
As the Majulah Package is meant to help older Singapore Citizens with their retirement and healthcare needs, the benefits are paid to the CPF accounts and will grow with interest to boost their retirement and healthcare savings.

How will I know if the MediSave Bonus has been credited to my CPF account?
You can view your CPF transaction history by logging in at the CPF website with your Singpass. Additionally, your Singpass-registered mobile number will receive an SMS (without any links) about the crediting. To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.
If you do not have a Singpass-registered mobile number, a letter will be sent to your residential address on your NRIC.

I have recently obtained Singapore citizenship in 2024. Am I eligible for the MediSave Bonus (MSB)?
Only Singapore Citizens may qualify for the Majulah Package. If you have obtained Singapore citizenship by 31 Dec 2024, you may write in to us to assess your eligibility.

How much will I receive if I stay in a rented property?
The amount of MediSave Bonus you receive depends on the Annual Value (AV) of your place of residence as stated on your NRIC as at 31 Dec 2023, regardless of whether you own or rent the property.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for MediSave Bonus?
Those who own more than one property will be eligible for the MediSave Bonus. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for the MediSave Bonus?
You are eligible to receive the MediSave Bonus if you are residing overseas. As overseas properties are not assessed for property tax, the amount of MediSave Bonus you receive will be determined based on a deemed AV of more than $25,000.

If a beneficiary passes away before the payment of the MediSave Bonus is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The MediSave Bonus is only paid out to living Singapore citizens."


Majulah Package	Retirement Savings Bonus	"How will I know if I am eligible for the Retirement Savings Bonus(RSB)?
For the RSB, you may log in to the e-services to view your eligibility.

How will I know if the Retirement Saving Bonus (RSB) has been credited to my CPF account?
You can view your CPF transaction history by logging in at the CPF website with your Singpass. Additionally, your Singpass-registered mobile number will receive an SMS (without any links) about the crediting. To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.
If you do not have a Singpass-registered mobile number, a letter will be sent to your residential address on your NRIC.

Why is the Retirement Saving Bonus (RSB) paid to CPF accounts and not in cash?
As the Majulah Package is meant to help older Singapore Citizens with their retirement and healthcare needs, the benefits are paid to the CPF accounts and will grow with interest to boost their retirement and healthcare savings.

Can I withdraw the Retirement Saving Bonus (RSB)?
RSB is paid into your CPF Retirement Account (RA) or Special Account (if you do not have an RA), and generally cannot be withdrawn as a lump sum. It will be paid out to you as part of your monthly retirement payouts.

Where can I find more information on CPF withdrawal and monthly retirement payouts?
Please refer to the FAQs found on the CPF website for more details, such as on:
How will changes to my Retirement Account affect my CPF LIFE monthly payouts?
I am not on CPF LIFE. How will my monthly payouts be adjusted if there are changes to my retirement savings?

Why is the Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB) amount higher for recipients with CPF retirement savings below $60,000?
In line with the Government’s approach for social schemes, the RSB is designed to benefit seniors with lower means, with more support provided to those with greater needs.

I have recently obtained Singapore citizenship in 2024. Am I eligible for the Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB)?
Only Singapore Citizens may qualify for the Majulah Package. If you have obtained Singapore citizenship by 31 Dec 2024, you may write in to us to assess your eligibility.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB)?
Those who own more than one property will not be eligible for RSB. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for the Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB)?
You are not eligible for RSB if you are residing overseas. RSB is means-tested such that only eligible Singaporeans with a local residential address meeting the AV criterion and other eligibility criteria can qualify.

How do I check my CPF retirement savings balance as of 31 December 2022?
CPF retirement savings are determined based on the combined balances in the CPF accounts for retirement, as at 31 December 2022. If you have a Retirement Account, this refers to the combined CPF LIFE balance and Retirement Account balance. If you do not have a Retirement Account, this refers to the combined Ordinary and Special Account balances.
To check your CPF balances as at 31 December 2022, you may visit cpf.gov.sg, [log in using your Singpass > my cpf > Yearly Statement of Account, select ‘2022’].
To check your CPF LIFE balances as at 31 December 2022, you may submit an online enquiry through CPF website.

Will I be eligible for Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB) if I am fully or partially exempted from setting aside the retirement sum and/or CPF retirement savings due to a private annuity/pension?
RSB aims to help those with lower retirement savings. As a fully or partially exempted individual, you are considered to have met the Basic Retirement Sum (BRS). Thus, you are not eligible for RSB.

If a beneficiary passes away before the payment of the Retirement Savings Bonus (RSB) is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. RSB is only paid out to living Singapore citizens."


Majulah Package	Earn and Save Bonus	"How will I know if I am eligible for the Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
You can view your eligibility by logging in to the e-services from mid-March 2025.

How will I know if the Earn and Save Bonus (ESB) has been credited to my CPF account?
You can view your CPF transaction history by logging in at the CPF website with your Singpass. Additionally, your Singpass-registered mobile number will receive an SMS (without any links) about the crediting. To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.
If you do not have a Singpass-registered mobile number, a letter will be sent to your residential address on your NRIC.

Why is the Earn and Save Bonus paid to CPF accounts and not in cash?
As the Majulah Package is meant to help older Singapore Citizens with their retirement and healthcare needs, the benefits are paid to the CPF accounts and will grow with interest to boost their retirement and healthcare savings.

Can I withdraw the Earn and Save Bonus as a lump sum?
The Earn and Save Bonus (ESB) is meant to boost your retirement savings. The ESB credited to your CPF Retirement Account will be paid out to you as part of your monthly payouts in retirement.

Where can I find more information on CPF monthly retirement payouts?
Please refer to the FAQs found on the CPF website for more details, such as on:
How will changes to my Retirement Account affect my CPF LIFE monthly payouts?
I am not on CPF LIFE. How will my monthly payouts be adjusted if there are changes to my retirement savings?

Will Self-Employed Persons and Platform Workers qualify for the Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
Yes, the Earn and Save Bonus (ESB) provides additional support to lower- to middle-income workers, regardless of employment type.
Employees, Self-Employed Persons and Platform Workers who earn an average monthly income of at least $500 and not more than $6,000 may be eligible for ESB, provided that they meet the other eligibility criteria.

I have moved to a property with lower annual value and/or sold my second property between 30 November and 31 December of the preceding year. Would I be eligible for the Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
If you moved to a property with lower annual value and/or sold your second property between 30 November and 31 December of the preceding year and have met the other criteria, you may apply to receive ESB here.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
No, those who own more than one property will not be eligible for ESB. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
No. ESB is means-tested such that only eligible Singaporeans with a local residential address meeting the AV criterion and other eligibility criteria can qualify.

How is the average gross monthly income (AMI) criterion computed?
The average gross monthly income is defined as:
Sum of employment and trade income earned in preceding Year of Assessment ÷?Total number of months worked in the year
To qualify for ESB, your average gross monthly income earned in the preceding Year of Assessment must be $500 to $6,000.

I earn less than $500 per month. Do I qualify for Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
If your average monthly income is less than $500 per month and you belong to one of the following groups and meet other ESB eligibility criteria, you will qualify for concessionary ESB:
Person with Disability
ComCare Short-to-Medium Term Assistance recipient
Caregiver of a care recipient1. This generally includes caregivers residing with care recipients who are medically certified to have permanent moderate to severe disabilities.
You will receive concessionary ESB of $400/year.
1 The schemes from Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) are: Home Caregiving Grant, Pioneer Generation Disability Assistance Scheme, Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly, ElderFund, MediSave Care, CareShield Life Claims, and ElderShield Claims. These AIC schemes are for individuals who have permanent moderate to severe disabilities

How do eligible caregivers qualify for concessionary Earn and Save Bonus (ESB)?
Individuals must fulfill all four criteria below to be eligible for ESB as a working caregiver:
(a) Their care recipients qualify for selected Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) schemes1;
(b) They are related household members of the care recipient (i.e. related by blood or legal relations to the care recipient, and staying together at the same address);
(c) Their care recipients are not residing in nursing homes; and
(d) They meet all other eligibility criteria for ESB, except the $500 minimum income threshold.
We will automatically assess caregivers’ eligibility for ESB. Caregivers do not need to notify us that they are a caregiver or submit any supporting documents.
You are required to update your residential address in your NRIC with ICA if you are a caregiver and have recently moved in with your care recipient. Please log in to the e-services with your Singpass to inform us if you have already done so but yet to receive ESB.
1 The schemes from Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) are: Home Caregiving Grant, Pioneer Generation Disability Assistance Scheme, Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly, ElderFund, MediSave Care, CareShield Life Claims, and ElderShield Claims. These AIC schemes are for individuals who have permanent moderate to severe disabilities"


"2024 MediSave Bonus
"	"2024 MediSave Bonus
"	"How will I know if I am eligible for the 2024 MediSave Bonus?
For the 2024 MediSave Bonus, you may log in to the e-services to view your eligibility.

Can I withdraw my 2024 MediSave Bonus?
The 2024 MediSave Bonus credited to your CPF MediSave Account will form part of your CPF monies and will be subjected to CPF withdrawal rules.
MediSave can be used to pay for your own or your immediate family members’ hospitalisation expenses, incurred at any of the participating medical institutions under the MediSave Scheme.
MediSave can also be used to pay for day surgeries and approved outpatient treatments listed on the CPF website.

Why is the 2024 MediSave Bonus paid to CPF accounts and not in cash?
As the 2024 MediSave Bonus is meant to help Singapore Citizens with their healthcare needs, the benefits are paid to the CPF accounts and will grow with interest to boost their healthcare savings.

How will I know if the 2024 MediSave Bonus has been credited to my CPF account?
You may log in at the CPF website with your Singpass to view your CPF MediSave transaction history. In addition, an SMS (with no web links) will be sent to your Singpass-registered mobile number. To update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the Singpass website.
If you do not have a Singpass-registered mobile number, a letter will be sent to your residential address on your NRIC.

I have recently obtained Singapore citizenship in 2024. Am I eligible for the 2024 MediSave Bonus (MSB)?
Only Singapore Citizens may qualify for the Majulah Package. If you have obtained Singapore citizenship by 31 Dec 2024, you may write in to us to assess your eligibility.

How much will I receive if I stay in a rented property?
The amount of 2024 MediSave Bonus you receive depends on the Annual Value (AV) of your place of residence as stated on your NRIC as at 31 Dec 2023, regardless of whether you own or rent the property.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for the 2024 MediSave Bonus?
Those who own more than one property will be eligible for the 2024 MediSave Bonus. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for the 2024 MediSave Bonus?
You are eligible to receive the 2024 MediSave Bonus if you are residing overseas. As overseas properties are not assessed for property tax, the amount of 2024 MediSave Bonus you receive will be determined based on a deemed AV of more than $25,000.

If a beneficiary passes away before the payment of the 2024 MediSave Bonus is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The 2024 MediSave Bonus is only paid out to living Singapore citizens."


2025 MediSave Bonus	2025 MediSave Bonus	"How will I know if I am eligible for the 2025 MediSave Bonus?
You can check your eligibility through the e-services with your Singpass.

How will I know when the 2025 MediSave Bonus has been credited?
To check your CPF MediSave transaction history, you may visit cpf.gov.sg, [log in using your Singpass > my cpf > My statements > Transaction history]. We’ll also send an SMS (with no web links) to your Singpass-registered mobile number. If you need to update your mobile number, please log in to your Singpass account at the?Singpass website.
If you don’t have a Singpass-registered mobile number, we’ll send a letter to your residential address on your NRIC.

Can I withdraw my 2025 MediSave Bonus?
The 2025 MediSave Bonus credited to your CPF MediSave Account forms part of your CPF savings and is subject to CPF withdrawal rules.
MediSave can be used for:
your own or your immediate family members’ hospitalisation expenses, incurred at any of the participating medical institutions under the MediSave Scheme.
day surgeries and approved outpatient treatments listed on the CPF website.

Why is the 2025 MediSave Bonus credited to the MediSave Account and not given in cash?
The MediSave Bonus is credited to the MediSave Account to support Singapore Citizens’ healthcare needs. This way, the MediSave Bonus can grow with interest to support and boost healthcare savings.

Why is the 2025 MediSave Bonus only for those born between 1950 to 1973 with lower MediSave balances?
The 2025 MediSave Bonus is designed to support Singapore citizens born between 1950 and 1973 (inclusive) who may not have been able to accumulate enough savings in their MediSave account and who are also more likely to have immediate healthcare needs.

Why is the MediSave balance criterion set at half of the prevailing Basic Healthcare Sum in 2025?
The 2025 MediSave Bonus is intended to support Singaporeans who may not have accumulated sufficient MediSave. To identify such individuals, we have focused on those with lower MediSave balances relative to their Basic Healthcare Sum.

How do I check my MediSave balance as at 31 December 2024?
To check your CPF balances as at 31 December 2024, you may visit cpf.gov.sg, [log in using your Singpass > my cpf > My statements > Yearly Statement of Account, select ‘2024’].

I have obtained Singapore citizenship in 2025. Am I eligible for the 2025 MediSave Bonus?
Those who become citizens between 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025 may write in to us to assess your eligibility.

How much will I receive if I stay in a rented property?
The amount of 2025 MediSave Bonus you receive depends on the Annual Value (AV) of your place of residence as stated on your NRIC as of 31 December 2024, regardless of whether you own or rent the property.

If I own more than one property, will I be eligible for the 2025 MediSave Bonus?
No. Those who own more than one property are not eligible for the 2025 MediSave Bonus. Such properties may include shophouses, private residential properties or non-residential properties such as commercial or industrial properties.

I am residing overseas. Am I eligible for the 2025 MediSave Bonus?
You are not eligible to receive the 2025 MediSave Bonus if you are residing overseas.

If a beneficiary passes away before the payment of the 2025 MediSave Bonus is made, will he/she still qualify?
No. The 2025 MediSave Bonus is only paid out to living Singapore Citizens."


Silver Support Scheme	Silver Support Scheme	"Why are my total CPF contributions used as a reflection of my lifetime wages in the assessment of eligibility of the Silver Support Scheme?
CPF contributions are proportionate to a person’s wage. They thus serve as an indicator of one’s ability to save.
We will look at the senior’s total CPF contributions by the age of 55 to assess his/her eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme. This refers to the sum of contributions to the Ordinary Account (OA) and Special Account (SA), as well as any CPF savings that had been withdrawn for housing, investment and education.

Why is the age cut-off for total CPF contributions set at 55 for the assessment of eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
For the assessment of eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme, we do not look at CPF contributions after the age of 55, so as to encourage older Singaporeans to continue working and saving for retirement.
We have also set the cut-off age at 55 to provide a meaningful comparison across cohorts, which experience different sets of CPF withdrawal rules and wage adjustments after age 55.

Why is the threshold for total CPF contributions set at $140,000 to be eligible for the Silver Support Scheme?
An eligibility criterion of $140,000 set for the Silver Support Scheme would include seniors who were earning lower wages through their working lives, and those who did not work due to reasons such as care-giving responsibilities and medical conditions.
The Total CPF Contributions threshold was increased from $70,000 to $140,000 in 2021 to strengthen support for seniors with lesser means. The Government will review the criteria from time to time, to ensure that the Silver Support Scheme is able to reach those who need it most.

How can I check how much total CPF contributions I have at age 55 for assessing my eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
Only Singaporean seniors aged 65 and above can be assessed for eligibility for the Silver Support (SS) Scheme.
You may request to find out your total CPF contributions (TCC) used for the SS Scheme by contacting us at cpf.gov.sg/writetous.

I am a self-employed person / platform worker. How will the Government assess my eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
As it is not mandatory for self-employed persons to contribute to their Ordinary and Special Accounts (OA and SA), and the requirements for platform workers to contribute to their OA and SA will only take effect from 1 Jan 2025 for platform workers born in 1995 or later, self-employed persons and platform workers would naturally have made less CPF contributions than employees.
For seniors who were self-employed or platform workers in their working years, we will consider their average annual net trade income, as determined by their annual income tax assessments, in addition to the total CPF contributions they made by the age of 55.
To qualify for the Silver Support Scheme, their average annual net trade income should be not more than $27,600 between the ages of 45 and 54. The average annual net trade income threshold was increased from $22,800 to $27,600 in 2021 to strengthen support for seniors with lesser means. The Government will review the threshold from time to time, to ensure that the Silver Support Scheme is able to reach those who need it most.

What is net trade income?
Net trade income is your gross trade income minus all allowable business expenses, capital allowances and trade losses as determined by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS).

Why is household monthly income per person used as an indication of my household support for the Silver Support Scheme?
The Silver Support (SS) Scheme is meant for seniors who had low incomes during their working years and now have less in retirement.
To automatically identify seniors who are eligible for SS, the Government has to rely on available data as broad indicators of an individual’s ability to save for retirement, access to resources and family support.
We have relied on the household monthly income per person as a broad indicator of the level of family support available.

Why is the threshold for household monthly income per person set at $2,300 to be eligible for the Silver Support Scheme?
The Silver Support (SS) Scheme is meant for seniors who had low incomes during their working years and now have less in retirement.
The threshold of $2,300 (was $1,800 in year 2024) enables seniors who have little or no family support to benefit from SS.

Who should be considered as a member of my household for the computation of my household income used for assessing my eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
Only family members related by blood, marriage and/or legal adoption (e.g. spouse, parents, children, grandparents, grandchildren, siblings, uncles, aunts, cousins and in-laws) and who live at the same residence are considered members of your household for the computation of your household income used for assessing your eligibility for the Silver Support (SS) Scheme.
Domestic helpers, unrelated tenants, godparents and friends living at the same address are not considered members of your household. Family members not living at your address are not considered members of your household.
If there are recent household changes that you want us to take into account to reassess your SS eligibility, please write in to CPF Board and we will work with the Household Means Eligibility System (HOMES) to have your household means tested.

How will the household monthly income per person be determined for assessing one's eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
The household monthly income per person is calculated by dividing the total gross household monthly income by the total number of family members living together. Gross monthly household income includes basic employment income, trade/self-employed income, overtime pay, allowances, cash awards, commissions, and bonuses.
The monthly income of each member will be determined based on the following: 
Salaried Employees: 
Monthly income as declared to CPF Board by the member’s employer(s), averaged over 12 months; or
The latest available annual income assessment by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) within the last two calendar years.
Self-Employed Persons: 
Monthly income as declared to CPF Board by the member as a self-employed person, averaged over 12 months; or
The latest available annual income assessment by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) within the last two calendar years. 
 Platform Workers:
Monthly income as declared to CPF Board by the member’s platform operator(s), averaged over 12 months; or
The latest available annual income assessment by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) within the last two calendar years. 
If there have been recent changes to your circumstances that may affect your eligibility, please write to us for a reassessment through the HOusehold Means Eligibility System (HOMES).

What is HOMES?
The Household Means Eligibility System (HOMES) is a Government system supporting public schemes, including the Silver Support Scheme, in their conduct of means-tests as part of their assessment in determining the level of assistance for them.

I received a call/email/letter claiming they are from the Household Means Eligibility System (HOMES). Are they legitimate?
HOMES is a Government system supporting the Silver Support (SS) Scheme in conducting household means-tests, which are used to assess a senior’s eligibility for the SS Scheme. If you or your family member had asked for a reassessment of SS eligibility, and there is a need for further clarification regarding your household information, the HOMES team may contact you via phone, email or letter to find out more on your household circumstances.
If you are unsure of the authenticity of the mobile number that you have received, please call their hotline 6818 1422 for confirmation.
If you have any query on HOMES, you may visit the HOMES website to provide your contact details and a brief description of your query.

How do you determine my housing type when assessing my eligibility for the Silver Support Scheme?
Your housing type is based on your address as registered in your NRIC.

Why is a senior not eligible for the Silver Support Scheme if he and/or his spouse together own a 5-room or larger HDB flat, private property or multiple properties?
The type of home owned is an indicator of the senior’s resources. Those who own a 5-room or larger HDB flat, private property or multiple properties are more likely to have more resources and access to additional retirement income. They would be less likely to require assistance through the Silver Support (SS) Scheme.
There are other schemes to help seniors cope with daily expenses, finance their healthcare needs and increase their retirement savings. Even if you do not qualify for the SS, you can still benefit from many of these schemes.
Those who need additional support can turn to other forms of assistance such as ComCare and MediFund. They may wish to approach a nearby Social Service Office for assistance.

Will the Silver Support Scheme cover seniors living in residential facilities (e.g. Nursing Homes/ Welfare Homes/ Home for the Aged and Adult Disability Home)?
Seniors aged 65 and above, including those living in residential facilities that provide long-term care, will be assessed for the Silver Support (SS) Scheme. Seniors whose NRIC address reflects one of these facilities will receive SS if they meet all the other eligibility criteria. Seniors whose NRIC address does not reflect one of these facilities will receive SS based on the housing type of their NRIC address, if they meet all the other eligibility criteria.

How will I receive my Silver Support?
You will receive your Silver Support (SS) through one of the following methods:
PayNow-NRIC: If you have linked your NRIC to PayNow, your SS payout will go directly to your linked bank account. Please check with your bank to confirm your PayNow-NRIC details. 
Bank transfer: If you have registered your DBS/POSB, OCBC or UOB bank account number with the Government previously but have not linked your NRIC to PayNow, you will receive your SS payout via bank transfer. You can check or update your bank details by logging in to our e-services using your Singpass.
GovCash: If you don’t have PayNow-NRIC or a previously registered bank account, your SS payout will be credited to you via GovCash.
To receive your benefits earlier, please link your NRIC to PayNow through any participating bank if you have not done so.

How can I change my bank details for Silver Support? / I have already registered for PayNow-NRIC to receive my Government cash benefits. Do I still need to provide my bank account details?
You are encouraged to register for PayNow-NRIC with a PayNow-GIRO-participating local or foreign bank in Singapore to receive your Silver Support (SS) earlier. Payment will be made by default to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account.
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account, you can update your bank account details by logging in to our SSS e-services with your Singpass. The instruction will only take effect from the next quarter of SS, if you continue to be eligible. The Government will be validating the bank account details that you have registered. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or have provided the wrong bank account details, we will inform you to update your bank account details. You will receive a notification sent to your Singpass app. If you do not have the app, a letter will be sent to your NRIC address. This notification will not be sent via SMS, WhatsApp or any other platforms.
If you have not linked your NRIC to PayNow or have not provided a valid bank account to the Government, you will receive future Government cash benefits via GovCash. GovCash is a payment mode where you can withdraw your Government benefits in cash from OCBC ATMs.
Citizens who are on GovCash will receive their cash benefits 2-3 weeks later than those who have linked their NRIC to PayNow or have provided a valid bank account.

What is PayNow and how do I link my NRIC to PayNow?
PayNow is a secure funds transfer service that allows customers to receive money into their bank account using their NRIC/FIN or mobile number.
With PayNow, the recipient’s bank information remains private. The recipient needs to provide their mobile number or NRIC/FIN to the sender to receive money. Other PayNow users will not have access to your personal details.
To receive government benefits via PayNow, you must link your NRIC to PayNow. PayNow-Mobile number is not accepted. The NRIC is a stable proxy issued by the Government, whereas mobile numbers can be easily changed. To ensure funds are credited to the correct recipient’s bank account, only an NRIC is accepted as the proxy for Government benefits via PayNow.
You can register and link your NRIC to PayNow if you have a bank account with one of the following participating banks in Singapore:
Bank
Bank of China
CIMB
Citibank
DBS Bank / POSB
GXS Bank
HL Bank
HSBC Bank
ICBC
MariBank
Maybank
OCBC
RHB Bank
Standard Chartered Bank
State Bank of India
Trust Bank
UOB
The list of PayNow-GIRO banks is updated as of 28 March 2025.

My mobile number is already registered to my bank account on PayNow. Can the Government credit my Government cash benefits to me via PayNow-Mobile instead of via PayNow-NRIC?
We can only credit your Government cash benefits to you via your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account. NRIC is an unchanged proxy issued by the Government, compared to mobile numbers which may be easily changed. To ensure that the money is credited to the correct recipient’s bank account, only NRIC will be accepted as the proxy for Government benefits via PayNow.
Eligible seniors who have linked their NRIC to PayNow, with a PayNow-GIRO-participating bank will receive the benefits in this bank account.

How can I update my mode of payment to receive cash benefits from the Government?
There are two options which you can choose to update the mode of payment for your government cash benefits:
Option 1: Register for PayNow-NRIC
You can register for PayNow-NRIC if you have a bank account with the participating banks. Please refer to your respective bank's website for specific details on how to link your NRIC to PayNow. Please note that PayNow-Mobile number is not accepted.
You are encouraged to register for PayNow-NRIC as government cash benefits will be credited to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account by default.
PayNow is a secure funds transfer service that allows customers to receive money into their bank account via NRIC/FIN and/or mobile number. With PayNow, the recipient's bank information will be kept private. The recipient will need to provide their mobile number or NRIC/FIN to the sender to send money. Other PayNow users will not have access to your personal details unless it is provided by you.
Option 2: Provide your bank account details
You may provide your bank account details by logging in to our e-services with your Singpass. The bank account that you have provided will only be used if you do not have a PayNow-NRIC linked bank account.
Bank crediting is only available via the three local banking groups DBS/POSB, OCBC, UOB, and your bank account must be a personal or joint account registered with your NRIC number.
The Government will validate the bank account details that you have registered with your bank. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or have provided the wrong bank account details, we will inform you to update your bank account details. You will receive a letter sent to your NRIC address.

What is GovCash?
GovCash is a payment mode that allows Singapore citizens to withdraw their Government benefits in cash from over 500 OCBC ATMs located across Singapore.
For Singaporeans who need assistance with GovCash withdrawals, OCBC provides support at its ATMs where Digital Ambassadors are available during operating hours to guide recipients. In addition, GovCash offers convenient digital options such as the scan-and-pay function and PayNow transfers through the LifeSG mobile app. This allows recipients to easily access their benefits with various assistance options available to suit their needs.
GovCash adopts the Singpass Face Verification technology to authenticate users, including a liveness-detection capability that blocks the use of photographs, videos, or masks during the verification process. Users are also required to key in their unique 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN) during the withdrawal of the Government benefits at the OCBC ATMs.

How do I get my cash benefits via GovCash?
There are three options for receiving your cash benefit via GovCash:
Option 1: Use LifeSG to transfer to PayNow-NRIC linked bank account
If you have an existing bank account, you can link your account to PayNow-NRIC with your bank. Thereafter, login to LifeSG mobile app (LifeSG) using your Singpass to transfer your GovCash to your PayNow-NRIC linked bank account. The LifeSG app can be downloaded from the Apple App store or Google Play Store.
Option 2: Use LifeSG for Scan & Pay
You can use LifeSG to scan participating merchants' QR codes for purchases or scan your friend's/family’s QR code to transfer your GovCash to them. Purchases are only allowed at merchants that accept PayNow/NETS QR codes using the LifeSG app. Look out for the PayNow/NETS logo on the SG QR label displayed by merchants.
Once your GovCash balance is deducted on the LifeSG mobile app, the payment cannot be cancelled.
Option 3: Withdraw from OCBC ATMs
You can withdraw your cash benefit at OCBC ATMs islandwide. You just need to enter:
(i) your unique 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN)
(ii) your NRIC number; and
(iii) pass the facial verification
You do not need to have an OCBC bank account to use this service.
You will receive the Payment Reference Number (PRN) via letter, your Singpass app (if any) or SMS after your cash benefits have been paid. You can also log into the e-services with your Singpass and select “GovCash PRN” from the left menu to view your PRN. This will only be available after the payment has been made.

I lost my letter containing the Payment Reference Number, can someone else access my money?
To ensure security, it is not possible to withdraw the money using only the Payment Reference Number. GovCash uses the Singpass Face Verification technology during the withdrawal process at OCBC ATMs. This technology incorporates a liveness-detection, which prevents the use of photographs, videos or masks for verification.
This security feature prevents fraudulent withdrawals of Government benefits by third parties using photographs or videos of the beneficiary. It ensures that only eligible Singaporean can access and withdraw their Government benefits.

Can you re-send my Payment Reference Number to me?
You can log in to the e-services with your Singpass to view your Payment Reference Number (PRN). Select “GovCash PRN” from the menu on the left. The PRN will be available after the payment has been processed through GovCash.

What should I do if my facial recognition at the ATM with GovCash functions is unsuccessful?
If you are unable to verify your identity via Singpass Face Verification at the ATM despite repeated tries, you may visit a NEW ATM located at selected OCBC branches (refer to OCBC website for latest list of NEW ATMs) during the branch operating hours, and OCBC's Digital Ambassadors will be available to assist you.

Where can I seek help regarding my GovCash withdrawal?
If you are unable to verify your identity via Singpass Face Verification at an OCBC ATM after several attempts or if you require assistance with your GovCash withdrawals, you can visit a NEW ATM located at selected OCBC branches (refer to OCBC website for latest list of New ATMs) during the branch operating hours. OCBC Digital Ambassadors will be available to assist you.

How can I help a beneficiary with medical condition(s) to withdraw their GovCash?
You can help a beneficiary with medical condition (e.g. who is physically incapacitated) withdraw their GovCash if you are:
aged 21 and above; and
a next-of-kin or appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA), or court-appointed Deputy of the beneficiary.
To help the beneficiary with the withdrawal of the GovCash monies, visit any OCBC-New ATM during branch operating hours, where OCBC Digital Ambassadors will be available to render assistance:
If you are a next-of-kin or caregiver of the beneficiary, please bring the following document(s):
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
If you are the appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary, please bring the following document(s):
lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary;
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
If you are the court-appointed deputy, please bring the following document(s):
court order authorising you to perform financial transactions on behalf of the beneficiary;
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
You may be required to sign a Letter of Indemnity at the bank, witnessed by the bank officer.

Is there a specific time frame for me to withdraw or use my GovCash?
You can withdraw or use your GovCash at your convenience, as there is no specific time frame. However, you are encouraged to do so as the intent of the scheme is to supplement your income and retirement savings.

How do I check my GovCash balance?
To check your GovCash balance, visit any OCBC ATMs with your 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN). Upon successful authentication, you will be able to view your GovCash balance. Alternatively, you can log in to the LifeSG mobile app using your Singpass to view your balance and transaction history.

How do I know if the merchants allow me to make purchases using my GovCash?
You can only make purchases using GovCash at merchants that accept PayNow/NETS QR code using the LifeSG app. You can look out for the PayNow/NETS logo on the SG QR label that is displayed by the merchants.

Can I cancel the payment after I have confirmed the payment utilising my GovCash on the LifeSG mobile app?
No, your GovCash balance will be deducted upon successful payment.

How can I opt out of receiving payments via GovCash?
If you prefer not to receive your payments via Govcash, there are two options available:
Option 1: Link your NRIC to PayNow with a participating bank
We encourage you to link your NRIC to PayNow with a participating PayNow-GIRO bank.
The list of PayNow-GIRO-participating banks are: Bank of China, CIMB, Citibank, DBS Bank / POSB, GXS Bank, HL Bank, HSBC Bank, ICBC, MariBank, Maybank, OCBC Bank, RHB Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, State Bank of India, Trust Bank and UOB Bank.
If your preferred bank is on this list, contact your bank for details on how to link your NRIC to PayNow.
Once you link your NRIC to PayNow, future Government benefits you are eligible for will be automatically credited to your PayNow-linked bank account.
Option 2: Register your bank account details
Alternatively, you can choose to receive your payments via crediting to your bank account. To do so, log in to the e-services using your Singpass, select “Bank Account Submission” and update your POSB/DBS, OCBC or UOB bank account details.
Bank crediting is available only via the three local banking groups DBS/POSB, OCBC, UOB, and your bank account must be a personal or joint account registered with your NRIC number.
The Government will verify the bank account details you have registered with your bank. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or have provided incorrect bank account details, you will be asked to update your bank account details. A letter will be sent to your NRIC address.

Can Silver Support be paid on a monthly basis instead of a quarterly basis?
Silver Support (SS) payments are made ahead of the quarter. Paying ahead in 3-month tranches gives the recipients greater flexibility to manage their expenses. Monthly payments will reduce such flexibility.
 
Eligibility period

Payment Date

January - March

31 December of the precedyear

e

31 March

July - September

30 June

October - December

30 September

 
Paying ahead in 3-month tranches gives the recipients greater flexibility to manage their expenses. Monthly payments will reduce such flexibility.
"


Workfare Income Supplement Scheme	Workfare Income Supplement Scheme	"What is the Workfare Income Supplement scheme?
The Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) scheme was introduced in 2007 as a permanent feature of Singapore's social security system. It supports lower-wage Singaporean workers, primarily those in the bottom 20% of the working population, with some assistance for those slightly above. Regular reviews help to ensure that the scheme continues to meet the needs of Singaporeans.

What are the enhancements to the Workfare Income Supplement from 2025?
The enhancements to the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS), which took effect from 2025 onwards, are as follows:
(i) Qualifying monthly wage cap raised from $2,500 to $3,0001. This takes into account the wage growth of Singaporeans.
(ii) Higher WIS payments of up to $4,900 per year. Payments depend on age, wages and employment type (e.g. employees, self-employed persons or platform workers). The payments have been enhanced for all age groups. Eligible employees can receive up to $4,900 per year, an increase from $4,200 (refer to table below). Older workers and persons with disabilities will continue to receive the highest payments. Payments for self-employed persons are set at two-thirds of employee payments and will be correspondingly increased. 
1 In addition, the worker must earn an average gross monthly wage of not more than $3,000 in the past 12 months.
(iii) All eligible platform workers will receive WIS monthly (instead of annually) from March 2025 (for work done from January 2025 onwards). This is because platform operators will deduct CPF contributions from platform workers as they earn and submit them to CPF Board monthly starting from 2025 onwards. This includes MediSave contributions for those who do not opt in to increased CPF contributions.

What is the Workfare Income Supplement Scheme enhancement that applies to platform workers?
Eligible platform workers who are mandated or opt in to the increased CPF contributions will receive higher Workfare Income Supplement Scheme (WIS) payments matching those of employees starting from 2029, once their CPF contribution rates align fully with those of employees. They will also receive a higher proportion of WIS payments in cash from the current 10% to 40%.
All eligible platform workers will also receive WIS monthly (instead of annually) from March 2025 (for work done from January 2025 onwards). This is because platform operators will deduct CPF contributions from platform workers as they earn and submit them to CPF Board monthly starting from 2025 onwards. This includes MediSave contributions for those who do not opt in to increased CPF contributions.

What are the eligibility criteria of the Workfare Income Supplement scheme?
You are eligible for the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) scheme:  
(i) if you are a Singapore Citizen; 
(ii) if you are at least 30 years old or older as of 31 December of the work year, or a person with disabilities of any age; 
If you are an employee 
(iii) earn a gross monthly income1 of at least $5002, and not more than $3,000 (previously $2,500 for work done in 2023 and 2024) for the month worked as an employee; 
(iv) earn an average gross monthly income of not more than $3,000 in the past 12 months3 (previously $2,500 for work done in 2023 and 2024) as an employee; 
If you are a self-employed person 
(iii) earn an average monthly income of at least $5002, and not more than $2,500 (from Work Year 2025 onwards, the qualifying monthly wage cap will be raised to $3,000); 
(iv) have declared your net trade income and contributed to your MediSave   
If you are a platform worker 
(iii) earn a monthly income (including net earnings from platform work) of at least $5002, and not more than $3,000 (from Work Year 2025 onwards) for the month worked; 
(iv) earn an average monthly income (including net earnings from platform work) of not more than $3,000 (from Work Year 2025 onwards) in the past 12 months3 (average gross monthly income); 
Other Criteria 
(v) live in a property with an annual value4 of $21,000 and below ($13,000 and below for Work Years 2023 and 2024), assessed as at 31 December of the preceding year; 
(vi) own not more than one property5; and 
(vii) if you are married, 
you and your spouse together own not more than one property; and 
the assessable income of your spouse does not exceed $70,000 for the preceding Year of Assessment. 
Please log in to our e-services using your Singpass to check your WIS eligibility status. 
1Gross monthly income includes basic salary and additional  wages such as overtime pay, commissions and bonuses  
2 Persons with disabilities, workers who qualify for ComCare Short-to-Medium-Term Assistance and caregivers of care recipients (generally include caregivers residing with care recipients who have been medically certified to have permanent moderate to severe disabilities) will qualify for concessionary WIS, even if they earn less than $500. Please click this FAQ for more information on the eligibility criteria for the concessionary WIS. 
3 Defined as sum of income earned in the past 12-month period ÷ Total number of months worked in the past 12-month period 
4 For more information on AV computation, please visit the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) website. 
5 All types of properties e.g. Housing & Development Board flat, private property and non-residential property, are taken into account in determining the eligibility for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) scheme. 

What do I need to do to receive Workfare Income Supplement?
Receiving Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) depends on your employment type.  
If you are an employee 
There is no action required from you. Your WIS eligibility will be automatically assessed based on the?income declared by your employer(s) for work done in that month, provided you/your employer has made CPF contributions.  
If you are a self-employed person 
You will need to: 
(i) declare your Net Trade Income (NTI) to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS).  
If you receive a notification from IRAS (via letter/form/SMS) to file your tax, or you meet the requirement to file (i.e. NTI above $6,000 and/or Total Income above $22,000), please submit your tax return directly to IRAS. The income tax filing period is from 1 March to 18 April each year. 
If you do not receive a notification from IRAS or do not meet the requirement to file tax, please e-File your tax return to IRAS via ?myTax Portal, from 1 March to 31 October of the following Work Year (WY).  
There is no need to file separate declarations with CPF Board. Once IRAS has assessed your income for the year, your assessed NTI will be transmitted to the Board. You can check your updated NTI records by logging in to the Self-employment dashboard with your Singpass. 
If you have declared your income to IRAS and have yet to receive your Notice of Computation (NOC) from IRAS by 31 January two years after the WY (e.g. by 31 January 2026 for WY 2024), you may write to us? to assess your eligibility for WIS. Do note that you must also contribute to your MediSave by the specified timeline to receive WIS. 
(ii) make the full required MediSave contributions: 
Self-employed persons (SEPs) are required to contribute to their MediSave Accounts as they do not receive employer contributions. Regular Medisave contributions are crucial to building sufficient savings for future healthcare needs.
If your NTI is more than $6,000 
The MediSave contribution required to qualify for WIS is based on your NTI earned in the WY excluding any losses from previous years. CPF Board receives this NTI from IRAS. This amount may differ from the MediSave contributions you are required to make as a self-employed person under the Self-Employed Scheme (SES) as those contributions may be adjusted based on previous years’ losses or excess MediSave contributions. 
You can refer to the following sources for the MediSave contribution that you need to make to qualify for WIS: 
(i) WIS e-services: Log in to the WIS e-services with your Singpass to check your MediSave liability payable. 
(ii) WIS calculator: Estimate MediSave payable using the WIS calculator for SEPs. 
If your NTI is $6,000 or less 
You will need to meet the eligibility criteria for concessionary WIS if your NTI is less than $6,000. Please refer to the concessionary WIS eligibility criteria for more details. 
If your NTI is $6,000 and below, you are not required to pay MediSave contribution under the SES. To qualify for WIS, you will be required to make?MediSave contributions within two years after the year you worked. For example, if you worked in 2024, you will need to contribute to Medisave by 31 December 2026.
Contributions made each month will be updated in WIS e-Services on the 9th working day of the following month.  
If you are a platform worker 
There is no action required from you. Your eligibility for WIS will be automatically assessed based on the net earnings per month declared by your platform operators, if you/your platform operator(s) have made CPF contributions. 

How are employees, self-employed persons and platform workers defined?
You may refer to the definitions of employees, self-employed persons and platform workers below.
Employee definition:
You are an employee if you are employed in Singapore under a Contract of Service (COS). 
If you are employed on a contract or part-time basis, or on study, medical, or maternity leave, you are considered  an employee so long as you receive a salary and CPF contributions from your employer.  
Self-employed person definition:  
A self-employed person (SEP) is someone who performs work for others under a Contract for Service. 
You are an SEP if you own a business, work for yourself and are in the position to realise a business profit or loss. Examples of SEPs include hawkers, taxi drivers, freelancers, home business owners (such as those baking or sewing), sole proprietors or a partners in a partnership.
Visit the  Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) website? to read more on the definition of a SEP.
Platform worker definition:  
You are a platform worker if you provide ride-hail or delivery services under a platform work agreement with a Platform Operator (PO) and receive a payment or benefit; and are under the PO’s management control while providing these services. 
Platform workers who are concurrently working as employees and/or self-employed persons will also be eligible for Workfare Income Supplement if they meet the WIS eligibility criteria.

I am unemployed. How does it affect my Workfare Income Supplement eligibility?
The Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) scheme supports lower-wage Singaporean workers by supplementing their income and CPF savings, encouraging continued employment and retirement savings. 
You must be working to receive WIS. If you require assistance in looking for a job, or are seeking more information on training and skills upgrading under the Workfare Skills Support scheme, please contact the Workforce Singapore hotline at 6883 5885 or visit their website.

Why must self-employed persons contribute to MediSave to receive Workfare Income Supplement?
A key principle of the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) scheme is personal responsibility in saving for future needs, with the government providing supplementary support.
Self-employed persons (SEPs) are required to contribute to their MediSave Accounts because they do not receive  employer contributions. Regular Medisave contributions help ensure they have enough savings for healthcare needs, especially in old age.
To qualify for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS), SEPs must contribute to MediSave as WIS is intended to supplement both income and CPF savings for long-term financial security.

How can I make my MediSave contributions?
There are several ways you can contribute to your MediSave. The most convenient way is via GIRO, which allows automatic monthly deductions from your bank account.
You may view your MediSave contributions on the Self-employment dashboard. To access my cpf Digital Services – Self-employment dashboard, please log in to the CPF website using your Singpass.

What should I do if I notice missing or incorrect CPF contributions?
Under the CPF Act, employers must contribute CPF if their employees earn more than $50 a month, regardless of whether they are employed on a permanent, part time, contract or casual basis.
If platform workers have not opted into increased CPF contributions, platform operators must contribute CPF on their behalf if they earn more than $500 a month. If platform workers are mandated or have opted in to increased CPF contributions, platform operators must contribute CPF on their behalf if they earn more than $50 a month.
If your employer or platform operator is not contributing CPF on your behalf, please clarify the discrepancy with them. If they do not provide you with a satisfactory response, you can lodge a report with CPF Board.
You are not required to make CPF or MediSave contributions, nor is your employer/platform operator required to contribute CPF for you, if:
(i) you are an employee with monthly income of $50 or less; or 
(ii) you are a platform worker who is not opted-in to increased CPF contributions and have net earnings of $500 or less per month with the platform operator; or 
(iii) you are a platform worker who is mandated or opted-in to increased CPF contributions and have net earnings of $50 or less per month with the platform operator. 
If the above applies to you and if you are eligible, you can refer to this FAQ for more information on what to do to receive WIS. 

I used to declare my income to CPF Board to determine my Workfare Income Supplement or for reconciliation of my Contribute As You Earn contributions. Why is CPF Board no longer accepting income declarations?
The Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS) has been appointed as the single collecting agency for all self-employed persons (SEPs)’ income information from Work Year 2023 (or Year of Assessment 2024) onwards. Hence, all SEPs will declare their net trade income (NTI), from Work Year 2023, to IRAS. The income assessed by IRAS will be used for Workfare Income Supplement assessment and reconciliation of Contribute As You Earn contributions.

How do eligible caregivers qualify for concessionary Workfare Income Supplement?
Individuals must fulfil all four criteria below to be eligible for concessionary Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) as a working caregiver:
(i) their care recipients qualify for selected Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) schemes1; 
(ii) they are related household members of the care recipient (i.e. related by blood or legal relations to the care recipient, and staying together at the same address); 
(iii) their care recipients are not residing in nursing homes; and 
(iv) they meet all other eligibility criteria for WIS, except the $500 minimum income threshold. 
You are required to update your residential address in your NRIC with Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) if you are a caregiver and have recently moved in with your care recipient. If you have already done so but have yet to receive concessionary WIS payments, please contact CPF Board.
For more information on concessionary WIS, you can refer to the following FAQ.   
1 The schemes from Agency for Integrated Care (AIC) are: Home Caregiving Grant, Pioneer Generation Disability Assistance Scheme, Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly, ElderFund, MediSave Care, CareShield Life, and ElderShield. These AIC schemes are for individuals who have permanent moderate to severe disabilities.

How do residents in welfare homes qualify for Workfare Income Supplement?
Residents in welfare homes registered with the National Council of Social Service, Ministry of Health, or Ministry of Social and Family Development will qualify for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) if they meet all of the other WIS eligibility criteria.

I am a homemaker/babysitter. Can I qualify for the Workfare Income Supplement scheme?
Allowances received for family support roles such as babysitting or caregiving for dependants are considered transfers within the family rather than income from employment. As they are not external sources of income, they do not qualify for the Workfare Income Supplement scheme.
The Government recognises the importance of family support roles. To support these roles, it provides assistance through schemes like the Marriage and Parenthood package which helps couples raise and care for their children.
Employees or self-employed persons who are also caregivers may qualify for concessionary WIS, even if they earn less than $500. This generally include those living with care recipients who have permanent moderate to severe disabilities. For more information, please refer to our FAQs? here.

Can Singapore Permanent Residents qualify for the Workfare Income Supplement scheme?
Only Singapore citizens are eligible for the Workfare Income Supplement scheme.
If you require financial assistance, please contact the?ComCare?hotline at 1800-222-0000, or email ?Ask_SSO@msf.gov.sg.

How is my income calculated for the Workfare Income Supplement?
The calculation of your income for Workfare Income Supplement depends on your employment type.  
If you are an employee
We will calculate your income based on the income declared by your employer(s) for work done in that month, if you or your employer(s) have made CPF contributions. 
Employee income is based on the definition of Gross Wages under the CPF Act: 
Total Gross Wages = Total Ordinary Wages (OW) + Total Additional Wages (AW) 
Where:
OW are wages due or granted wholly or exclusively in respect of an employee's employment in that month, and payable before the due date for payment of CPF contributions for that month e.g. monthly salary. 
Wages which are not classified as OW will be AW for the month e.g. annual performance bonus. 
For work done in Sep 2024 and earlier: 
To be assessed for WIS, we will calculate your income based on the CPF contributions made by your employer(s) for work done in that month. 
If you are a self-employed person 
The WIS you are eligible to receive will be computed based on your Net Trade Income earned in the Work Year (excluding previous years’ losses) that CPF Board receives from IRAS. 
If you are a platform worker 
To be assessed for WIS, we will calculate your income based on the net earnings per month declared by your platform operator, if you or your platform operator(s) have made CPF contributions. 

Why are overtime pay and bonuses included in Workfare Income Supplement assessment?
Basic salary, overtime pay, and bonuses make up a worker’s total income which helps support them and their family. Since the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) is meant to help lower-wage workers, total income assessment is most relevant to determine WIS eligibility.

Can I qualify for Workfare Income Supplement if I earn less than $500 per month?
If you earn less than $500 per month and you belong to one of the following groups and meet other WIS eligibility criteria, you will qualify for concessionary Workfare Income Supplement (WIS):
Person with Disabilities
Comcare Short-to-Medium Term Assistance recipient
Caregiver of a care recipient. This generally includes caregivers residing with care recipients who are medically certified to have permanent moderate to severe disabilities. For more information on who are considered eligible caregivers, you can refer to this FAQ.
Employees will receive a flat concessionary payment based on their age.
Self-employed persons (SEPs) and platform workers will receive two-thirds of the WIS payments received by employees. SEPs must make MediSave contributions to qualify for concessionary WIS. If you require assistance, you can write to us to assess your eligibility. 
If you earn $500 or more per month (in total), but work for multiple employers/platform operators and are not required to make CPF or MediSave contributions for one or more income source each, you may be eligible for WIS. You can refer to this FAQ or more information on how to receive WIS, if eligible.

What is the purpose of the minimum income criterion? Can it be waived?
The $500 minimum income criterion was introduced in 2023 to encourage workers to work more regularly or take up higher-paying jobs. 
For most regular workers, earning $500 per month is achievable. For example, at an hourly wage of $10.501, working 3-hour shifts for 16 days a month would result in earning exceeding $500.
We recognise that certain workers  wish to work more but are unable to do so due to their personal circumstances. In addition, Persons with Disabilities, ComCare Short-to-Medium-Term Assistance recipients and caregivers of care recipients2 may require additional support. These workers will continue to qualify for concessionary Workfare Income Supplement (WIS), even if they earn less than $500 per month. For more information on concessionary WIS, you can refer to this FAQ.
1 Local Qualifying Salary requirement for part-time workers from July 2024 onwards 
2 This will generally include caregivers residing with care recipients who are medically certified to have permanent moderate to severe disabilities. For more information on who are considered eligible caregivers, you can refer to the following FAQ.  

If my employer(s)/ platform operator(s) and I are not required to make CPF or MediSave contributions for my income with each employer(s)/ platform operator(s), can I still receive Workfare Income Supplement?
If you earn less than $500 per month (in total), you must meet the eligibility criteria for concessionary Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) in order to qualify for concessionary WIS payments.
If you earn $500 or more per month (in total) but work for multiple employers/platform operators and are not required to make CPF or MediSave contributions for your income with each employer/platform operator, you may be eligible for WIS. 
If you are an employee and meet all the eligibility criteria:
(i) you will be automatically assessed for WIS if your employer is making CPF contributions for you. This is when you are earning more than $50 per month with the employer. 
(ii) you may write to us to assess your eligibility if you are earning $50 or less per month with an employer. 
If you are a self-employed person (SEP) and meet all the eligibility criteria: 
You will receive WIS payments after you have made the required MediSave contributions. 
If you are a platform worker and meet all the eligibility criteria: 
(i)  You will be automatically assessed for WIS if your platform operator is making CPF contributions for you. This is when: 
you are mandated or opted-in to increased CPF contributions and are earning more than $50 per month with the platform operator. 
you are not opted-in to increased CPF contributions and are earning more than $500 per month with the platform operator. 
(ii) You may write to us to assess your eligibility if:  
you are mandated or opted-in to increased CPF contributions and are earning $50 or less per month with a platform operator. 
you are not opted-in to increased CPF contributions and are earning $500 or less per month with a platform operator. 

How is the Annual Value (AV) requirement for Workfare Income Supplement determined and which address is used to calculate it?
The Annual Value (AV) threshold for the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) covers all HDB flats and some smaller private residences. In general, Singaporeans staying in larger properties with an AV above the cut-off tend to have greater access to household wealth, making them ineligible for the WIS scheme. 
The AV is based on the address reflected in your NRIC. Under the National Registration Act, you are required to report any change of address within 28 days at the Immigration & Checkpoints Authority (ICA) website.
If you are renting an entire property, the annual value of the rented property will be used to assess your eligibility.

When will I get my Workfare Income Supplement?
When you will get your Workfare Income Supplement depends on your employment type.
If you are an employee
The Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) is usually paid two months after the month of work. You will get WIS for every month that you work. To ensure faster payment, we recommend that you link your NRIC to PayNow with the participating banks to receive your benefits earlier.
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC bank account but have provided your bank account number to the Government previously, you will get your benefits via bank transfer. If you do not have a bank account, the benefits will be credited to you via GovCash.
You can log in to our e-services with your Singpass to check your payment details after the payment has been made to your bank account or via GovCash.
If you have concurrently worked as a self-employed person (SEP) in the year, you may get additional WIS if your total income (including net trade income) results in a higher WIS payment. The additional WIS payment will be paid after you declare your income and make the required MediSave contributions.
If you are a self-employed person (SEP)
You will get WIS once a year for work done in the previous Work Year (WY).*
The earliest you can get it is by end April of the following WY (e.g. by end April 2025 for work done in 2024), if the following are completed by 31 March:
You have declared your income to IRAS, and CPF Board has received your assessed Net Trade Income (NTI)
You have made your MediSave contributions based on your declared NTI earned in the WY without accounting for previous years’ losses 
If you declare your income and make your MediSave contributions after 31 March, you will get your WIS within two months after you complete making your MediSave contributions.
*Eligible SEPs get WIS yearly because their NTI for the entire year can only be confirmed in the following year. Employees and platform workers get WIS monthly because their income is automatically reported through monthly CPF contributions.
If you are a platform worker
You will get WIS every month from March 2025 onwards (for work done from January 2025 onwards). The payment will be made two months after the month of work. 
1 For work done in 2024 and earlier, platform workers receive WIS as SEPs. Please refer to the 'WIS for self-employed persons' for more information.
If you have concurrently worked as a self-employed person (SEP) in the year, you may get additional WIS if your total income (including net trade income) results in a higher WIS payment. The additional WIS payment will be paid after you declare your income and make the required MediSave contributions.

How will I get the Workfare Income Supplement payment?
You will get the cash portion of the Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) via one of the following payment methods.
i.    PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account (by default)
By default, the WIS cash portion will be paid to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account. To check your bank account details, please approach your bank.
ii.    Bank Transfer (if you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account)
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account with a PayNow-GIRO-participating local or foreign bank in Singapore but have provided your DBS/POSB, OCBC or UOB bank account to the Government previously, you will get your cash portion of WIS via bank transfer. You can check and update your bank account details registered with us by logging in to our e-services with your Singpass.

How can I change the mode of payment for my Workfare Income Supplement (WIS)?
There are two options to update the mode of payment for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS):
 
Option 1: Link your NRIC to PayNow
You are encouraged to link your NRIC to PayNow as government cash benefits will be credited to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account. To find out more on how to link your NRIC to PayNow, please refer to this FAQ.
 
If your NRIC is linked to your PayNow, there is no need for you to provide your bank account details. 
 
Option 2: Provide your bank account details
You can submit your bank account details by logging in to our e-services with your Singpass. The bank account that you provide will only be used if you do not have a PayNow-NRIC linked bank account.
 
Bank crediting is available only via the three local banking groups DBS/POSB, OCBC, UOB, and your bank account must be a personal or joint account linked to your NRIC number.
 
The Government will verify the bank account details you have registered with your bank. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or provided incorrect bank account details, you will be asked to update your bank account details. A letter will be sent to your NRIC address.
 
No further action is required if you have already linked your NRIC to PayNow with a participating bank.
 
iii.    GovCash (if you do not have a bank account)
GovCash is a payment mode that allows Singaporeans to receive their benefits from Government agencies more quickly and conveniently. You are encouraged to link your NRIC to PayNow with a PayNow-GIRO-participating local or foreign bank in Singapore to get your benefits earlier*.
 
If you do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account nor a bank account registered with us, you will get the WIS cash portion via GovCash. 
 
*If you have linked your NRIC number to your bank account after the 16th of the month or submitted your bank account details after the 14th of the month, your updates will only be effective in the following month.
"
Workfare Income Supplement Scheme	Workfare Income Supplement Scheme	"How can I change the mode of payment for my Workfare Income Supplement (WIS)?
There are two options to update the mode of payment for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS):
Option 1: Link your NRIC to PayNow
You are encouraged to link your NRIC to PayNow as government cash benefits will be credited to your PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account. To find out more on how to link your NRIC to PayNow, please refer to this FAQ.
If your NRIC is linked to your PayNow, there is no need for you to provide your bank account details. 
Option 2: Provide your bank account details
You can submit your bank account details by logging in to our e-services with your Singpass. The bank account that you provide will only be used if you do not have a PayNow-NRIC linked bank account.
Bank crediting is available only via the three local banking groups DBS/POSB, OCBC, UOB, and your bank account must be a personal or joint account linked to your NRIC number.
The Government will verify the bank account details you have registered with your bank. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or provided incorrect bank account details, you will be asked to update your bank account details. A letter will be sent to your NRIC address.
No further action is required if you have already linked your NRIC to PayNow with a participating bank.

What is PayNow and how do I link my NRIC to PayNow?
PayNow is a secure funds transfer service that allows customers to receive money into their bank account using their NRIC/FIN or mobile number.
With PayNow, the recipient’s bank information remains private. The recipient needs to provide their mobile number or NRIC/FIN to the sender to receive money. Other PayNow users will not have access to your personal details.
To receive government benefits via PayNow, you must link your NRIC to PayNow. PayNow-Mobile number is not accepted. The NRIC is a stable proxy issued by the Government, whereas mobile numbers can be easily changed. To ensure funds are credited to the correct recipient’s bank account, only an NRIC is accepted as the proxy for Government benefits via PayNow.
You can register and link your NRIC to PayNow if you have a bank account with one of the following participating banks in Singapore:
Bank
Bank of China
CIMB
Citibank
DBS Bank / POSB
GXS Bank
HL Bank
HSBC Bank
ICBC
MariBank
Maybank
OCBC
RHB Bank
Standard Chartered Bank
State Bank of India
Trust Bank
UOB
The list of PayNow-GIRO banks is updated as of 28 March 2025.

What is GovCash?
GovCash is a payment mode that allows Singapore citizens to withdraw their Government benefits in cash from over 500 OCBC ATMs located across Singapore.
For Singaporeans who need assistance with GovCash withdrawals, OCBC provides support at its ATMs where Digital Ambassadors are available during operating hours to guide recipients. In addition, GovCash offers convenient digital options such as the scan-and-pay function and PayNow transfers through the LifeSG mobile app. This allows recipients to easily access their benefits with various assistance options available to suit their needs.
GovCash adopts the Singpass Face Verification technology to authenticate users, including a liveness-detection capability that blocks the use of photographs, videos, or masks during the verification process. Users are also required to key in their unique 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN) during the withdrawal of the Government benefits at the OCBC ATMs.

How do I get my cash benefits via GovCash?
There are three options for receiving your cash benefit via GovCash:
Option 1: Use LifeSG to transfer to PayNow-NRIC linked bank account
If you have an existing bank account, you can link your account to PayNow-NRIC with your bank. Thereafter, login to LifeSG mobile app (LifeSG) using your Singpass to transfer your GovCash to your PayNow-NRIC linked bank account. The LifeSG app can be downloaded from the Apple App store or Google Play Store.
Option 2: Use LifeSG for Scan & Pay
You can use LifeSG to scan participating merchants' QR codes for purchases or scan your friend's/family’s QR code to transfer your GovCash to them. Purchases are only allowed at merchants that accept PayNow/NETS QR codes using the LifeSG app. Look out for the PayNow/NETS logo on the SG QR label displayed by merchants.
Once your GovCash balance is deducted on the LifeSG mobile app, the payment cannot be cancelled.
Option 3: Withdraw from OCBC ATMs
You can withdraw your cash benefit at OCBC ATMs islandwide. You just need to enter:
(i) your unique 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN)
(ii) your NRIC number; and
(iii) pass the facial verification
You do not need to have an OCBC bank account to use this service.
You will receive the Payment Reference Number (PRN) via letter, your Singpass app (if any) or SMS after your cash benefits have been paid. You can also log into the e-services with your Singpass and select “GovCash PRN” from the left menu to view your PRN. This will only be available after the payment has been made.

How can I opt out of receiving payments via GovCash?
If you prefer not to receive your payments via Govcash, there are two options available:
Option 1: Link your NRIC to PayNow with a participating bank
We encourage you to link your NRIC to PayNow with a participating PayNow-GIRO bank.
The list of PayNow-GIRO-participating banks are: Bank of China, CIMB, Citibank, DBS Bank / POSB, GXS Bank, HL Bank, HSBC Bank, ICBC, MariBank, Maybank, OCBC Bank, RHB Bank, Standard Chartered Bank, State Bank of India, Trust Bank and UOB Bank.
If your preferred bank is on this list, contact your bank for details on how to link your NRIC to PayNow.
Once you link your NRIC to PayNow, future Government benefits you are eligible for will be automatically credited to your PayNow-linked bank account.
Option 2: Register your bank account details
Alternatively, you can choose to receive your payments via crediting to your bank account. To do so, log in to the e-services using your Singpass, select “Bank Account Submission” and update your POSB/DBS, OCBC or UOB bank account details.
Bank crediting is available only via the three local banking groups DBS/POSB, OCBC, UOB, and your bank account must be a personal or joint account registered with your NRIC number.
The Government will verify the bank account details you have registered with your bank. If you have closed your bank account, ceased being a joint account holder, or have provided incorrect bank account details, you will be asked to update your bank account details. A letter will be sent to your NRIC address.

I lost my letter containing the Payment Reference Number, can someone else access my money?
To ensure security, it is not possible to withdraw the money using only the Payment Reference Number. GovCash uses the Singpass Face Verification technology during the withdrawal process at OCBC ATMs. This technology incorporates a liveness-detection, which prevents the use of photographs, videos or masks for verification.
This security feature prevents fraudulent withdrawals of Government benefits by third parties using photographs or videos of the beneficiary. It ensures that only eligible Singaporean can access and withdraw their Government benefits.

Can you re-send my Payment Reference Number to me?
You can log in to the e-services with your Singpass to view your Payment Reference Number (PRN). Select “GovCash PRN” from the menu on the left. The PRN will be available after the payment has been processed through GovCash.

Where can I seek help regarding my GovCash withdrawal?
If you are unable to verify your identity via Singpass Face Verification at an OCBC ATM after several attempts or if you require assistance with your GovCash withdrawals, you can visit a NEW ATM located at selected OCBC branches (refer to OCBC website for latest list of New ATMs) during the branch operating hours. OCBC Digital Ambassadors will be available to assist you.

Is there a specific time frame for me to withdraw or use my GovCash?
You can withdraw or use your GovCash at your convenience, as there is no specific time frame. However, you are encouraged to do so as the intent of the scheme is to supplement your income and retirement savings.

How do I check my GovCash balance?
To check your GovCash balance, visit any OCBC ATMs with your 8-digit Payment Reference Number (PRN). Upon successful authentication, you will be able to view your GovCash balance. Alternatively, you can log in to the LifeSG mobile app using your Singpass to view your balance and transaction history.

Why is the option to withdraw GovCash only available in $10 denominations and what can I do with my balance GovCash?
The minimum withdrawal amount at the ATMs is $10, so GovCash withdrawals are made in $10 denominations. If your GovCash balance is less than $10, you can accumulate funds for your next withdrawal.
Alternatively, you can transfer the balance to your PayNow NRIC-linked bank account, use it to make payments at merchants with PayNow/NETS QR codes, or transfer it to your family/friends by scanning the PayNow QR code using the LifeSG mobile app.

How and when will I be notified about my Workfare payment amount?
You will be notified via letter and/or SMS closer to the payment dates. You can also log in to the e-Services with your Singpass to check your payment. 
To receive SMS notifications, you must register or update your mobile number with CPF Board via my cpf digital services -?Account Settings. We will only send SMS notifications on Workfare payments to the mobile number that you have registered with CPF Board.
If you have previously opted out of receiving SMS notifications, you can log in to our e-Services with your Singpass to opt-in again.? 
If you need assistance with Workfare notifications, please write to us.

How can I tell if the Workfare SMS I received is real?
Given the recent rise in scams and phishing attempts, it is important to verify that the message you received is genuinely from an official source.
As of 1 July 2024, all government SMS communications are sent under the sender ID “gov.sg”. The SMS will begin with the full name of the sending agency (e.g. “Central Provident Fund Board”) and end with “This is an automated message sent by the Singapore Government”, meaning you should not reply to the message.
Here are some tips to help protect yourself against phishing SMSes that appear to be sent from CPF Board:
check that the SMS is sent from “gov.sg”to the mobile number registered with CPF Board. If you are unsure of whether you had registered your mobile number, log in to the CPF website with your Singpass and check your account settings.
verify that the last four characters of the masked NRIC number match your NRIC number.
We will never ask you to reply to a Workfare SMS or direct you to a non-Government website. If you receive suspicious SMS please report it at the CPF official hotline or write to us.
Be Cautious, Pay attention to scams and don't be the next victim of Fraud.

Why does the government send SMS notifications instead of hardcopy letters?
The shift to SMS notifications is part of the Government's efforts to provide timelier and more responsive services. It also allows us to be more environmentally friendly. With SMS notifications, you can quickly receive details about  your Workfare payments, including the payment mode and date, without waiting for a hardcopy letter. Older Workfare Income Supplement recipients will continue to receive both SMS notifications and hardcopy letters. 

How can I help a beneficiary who is illiterate, digitally unable or has medical condition(s) and does not have Singpass to check their eligibility for Government benefits?
To safeguard citizens’ interests and confidentiality, beneficiaries must check their own benefits on the govbenefits website using their Singpass. Citizens who are illiterate or unable to use the website may seek assistance at any ServiceSG centres or community centres for assistance. However, if the beneficiary has a medical condition and is unable to do so, you can help them check their eligibility for Government benefits if you are:  
aged 21 and above; and 
a next-of-kin or appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA), or court-appointed Deputy of the beneficiary. 
To assist the beneficiary in checking their eligibility for Government Benefits, you will need to provide the following supporting documents: 
If you are a next-of-kin or caregiver of the beneficiary, please contact us on govbenefits with the scanned copies of the following document(s):
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
the beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are a parent/guardian who is helping your child, please contact us on govbenefits with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
birth certificate of your child; or legal document to verify the guardianship between the legal guardian and child;
documentary evidence stating your child’s medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
your child’s NRIC.
If you are the appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary, please contact us on govbenefits with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary;
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are the court-appointed deputy, please contact us on govbenefits with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
court order authorising you to perform financial transactions on behalf of the beneficiary;
your NRIC; and
beneficiary’s NRIC. 

How can I help a beneficiary with medical condition(s) to provide/update their bank account details registered with CPF Board to receive Workfare Income Supplement?
The cash portion of Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) will be credited to the beneficiary’s PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account by default. If they do not have a PayNow-NRIC-linked bank account with a PayNow-GIRO-participating bank in Singapore but have provided their bank account number to CPFB previously, they will receive their cash portion of WIS via bank transfer. If they do not have a bank account, the amount will be credited to them via GovCash.
If a beneficiary is unable to perform these transactions due to a medical condition, you may assist them in providing or updating their bank account details registered with the Board, if you are: 
aged 21 and above; and 
a next-of-kin or appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA), or court-appointed Deputy of the beneficiary. 
Option 1: To update to a bank account held in trust for the beneficiary 
You can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
bank book/statement reflecting that the account is held in trust for the beneficiary;
your NRIC; and
beneficiary’s NRIC.  
Option 2: To update to a personal or joint bank account in the beneficiary’s name 
If you are a next-of-kin or caregiver of the beneficiary, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
the beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are a parent/guardian who is helping your child, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
birth certificate of your child or legal document to verify the guardianship between the legal guardian and child; 
documentary evidence stating your child’s medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.); 
your NRIC; and 
your child’s NRIC. 
If you are the appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary;
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.); 
your NRIC; and 
beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are the court-appointed deputy, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
court order authorising you to perform financial transactions on behalf of the beneficiary;
your NRIC; and 
beneficiary’s NRIC. 
Please note the bank account must include the beneficiary's name. This is to help the Board safeguard the beneficiary's interests. If you are unable to fulfil any of the above options, you can write to us for further advice. 

How can I help a beneficiary with medical condition(s) to withdraw their GovCash?
You can help a beneficiary with medical condition (e.g. who is physically incapacitated) withdraw their GovCash if you are:
aged 21 and above; and
a next-of-kin or appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA), or court-appointed Deputy of the beneficiary.
To help the beneficiary with the withdrawal of the GovCash monies, visit any OCBC-New ATM during branch operating hours, where OCBC Digital Ambassadors will be available to render assistance:
If you are a next-of-kin or caregiver of the beneficiary, please bring the following document(s):
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
If you are the appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary, please bring the following document(s):
lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary;
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
If you are the court-appointed deputy, please bring the following document(s):
court order authorising you to perform financial transactions on behalf of the beneficiary;
your original NRIC;
a photocopy of the beneficiary’s NRIC; and
beneficiary’s GovCash Payment Reference Number (PRN).
You may be required to sign a Letter of Indemnity at the bank, witnessed by the bank officer.

How can I help a beneficiary with medical condition(s) to appeal to receive Workfare Income Supplement?
Eligibility for Workfare Income Supplement (WIS) is automatically assessed and no action is required. However, if the beneficiary’s circumstances have changed, you may assist a beneficiary with medical condition in appealing for WIS, if you are:
aged 21 and above; and 
a next-of-kin or appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA), or court-appointed Deputy of the beneficiary.
To assist the beneficiary to appeal for WIS, you will need to provide the following supporting documents: 
If you are a next-of-kin or caregiver of the beneficiary, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
the beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are a parent/guardian who is helping your child, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
birth certificate of your child; or legal document to verify the guardianship between the legal guardian and child;
documentary evidence stating your child’s medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year, unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
your child’s NRIC. 
If you are the appointed donee under the Lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
lasting Power of Attorney of the beneficiary;
documentary evidence stating the beneficiary's medical condition (e.g. doctor's memorandum, medical report, or court order). The document(s) should be dated within the last year unless it specifically states that the condition is permanent or if the condition is known to be permanent (e.g. physically incapacitated, autism, Down syndrome, cerebral palsy, etc.);
your NRIC; and
beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are the court appointed deputy, you can write to us with the scanned copies of the following document(s): 
court order authorising you to perform financial transactions on behalf of the beneficiary;
your NRIC; and
beneficiary’s NRIC. 
If you are unable to fulfil any of the options, you can write to us for further advice. 

What happens to the Workfare Income Supplement paid via GovCash if the beneficiary passes away?
If the beneficiary passes away before fully using their GovCash, the remaining balance will be credited to their CPF Ordinary Account. This amount will form part of their CPF monies and will be distributed according to their CPF Nomination, if any.
 "
